Answer for general questions:

Q:
1. Can you tell us about your passion?
2. Why do you want to be a QA Engineer?
3. What is your goal as a QA Engineer ?
4. How do you plan your goal as a QA Engineer ?
5. What is your expectation, If you join with Catalyst as a QA Engineer ?

A:
1. My passion is honestly something relating to Computer Software. I've played with computers
for a long time, so I guess my job is always related to it.

2.I think because if my background in IT major, I'm always interested in programming matters. 
At the same time, I see sometimes developer needs extra help on ensuring the quality of their code.
This is why I like being a QA Engineer, to give devs extra hands

3.If I look on the work side, I strive to make sure each feature that the dev created got covered in a
comprehensive test cases. Each features should also be well documented, and alongside it, evidence of
testing. On the other hand, if we look on career path, I want to improve both my skill as a QA Engineer
and my skill at working with others, in hope I could be an experienced senior and have easier time
teaching other the importance of testing

4.To reach my goal, I would make sure to gave each of my task a clear test cases and documentation
that could be understood by all of my teammates, whether its other QA, developer, or product and managers.
At the same time, I would like to develop my skills with the help of other teammates too.

5. I expect to learn more skills relating to QA Testing and met kind and helpful teammates and supervisors.

For technical questions:
1. I did testing automation until I reach checkout page, please run the Login.feature file. Unfortunately, I didn't finish the process to create orders
because it might jeopardize real life data and I have problem inputting the address

2. 
I made some extra test cases side from the Login.feature, which isn't implemented yet, but should cover as many cases I could

Also for bugs, as a QA Candidate, I could only suggests some feature that might be improved, but couldn't really decide
the feature is bugged or not since I do not know the original requirements. Here is my suggestions:

-If User click checkout when he/she didn't have any item on cart, it redirects to homepage. Perhaps similar message like
"cart empty" could be added
-The header could be adjusted more since on my browser, I need to scroll down to see the page to see the content of the page.
This is also reflected on the automation test cases where I need to scroll down to interact with the object.
-Continuing from previous point, the Payment Confirmation page has an image covering the top of the page, which make user
needs to scroll down more to see the form.